Add a 'sortLeaves' options (#29)
OpenZeppelin/merkle-tree: README.md

This is an opinionated design that we believe will offer the best out of the box experience for most users. We may introduce options for customization in the future based on user requests.

### Leaf ordering

Each leaf of a merkle tree can be proven individually. The relative ordering of leaves is mostly irrelevant when the only objective is to prove inclusion of individual leaves in the tree. Proving multiple leaves at once is however a little bit more difficult.

> This library proposes a mechanism to prove (and verify) that sets of leaves are included in the tree. These "multiproof" can also be verified onchain using the implementation available in `@openzeppelin/contracts`. This mechanism requires the leaves to be ordered respective to their position in the tree. For example, if the tree leaves are (in hex form) `[ 0xAA...AA, 0xBB...BB, 0xCC...CC, 0xDD...DD]`, then you'd be able to prove `[0xBB...BB, 0xDD...DD]` as a subset of the leaves, but not `[0xDD...DD, 0xBB...BB]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library proposes a mechanism to prove (and verify) that sets of leaves are included in the tree. These "multiproofs" can also be verified onchain using the implementation available in `@openzeppelin/contracts`. This mechanism requires the leaves to be ordered respective to their position in the tree. For example, if the tree leaves are (in hex form) `[ 0xAA...AA, 0xBB...BB, 0xCC...CC, 0xDD...DD]`, then you'd be able to prove `[0xBB...BB, 0xDD...DD]` as a subset of the leaves, but not `[0xDD...DD, 0xBB...BB]`.
```

> Since the library known the entire tree, you can generate a multiproof with the requested leaves in any order. The library will re-order them so that they appear inside the proof in the correct order. The `MultiProof` object returned by `tree.getMultiProof(...)` will have the leaves ordered according to their position in the tree, and not in the order in which you provided them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this library knows the entire tree, you can generate a multiproof with the requested leaves in any order. The library will re-order them so that they appear inside the proof in the correct order. The `MultiProof` object returned by `tree.getMultiProof(...)` will have the leaves ordered according to their position in the tree, and not in the order in which you provided them.
```

> By default, the library orders the leaves according to their hash when building the tree. This is so that a smart contract can build the hashes of a set of leaves and order them correctly without any knowledge of the tree itself. Said differently, it is simpler for a smart contract to process a multiproof for leaves it rebuilt itself if the corresponding tree is ordered.

Author: I'm not a fan of your formualtion. What about 
```suggestion
By default, the library orders the leaves according to their hash when building the tree. This is so that a smart contract can build the hashes of a set of leaves and order them correctly without any knowledge of the tree itself. Said differently, it is simpler for a smart contract to process a multiproof for leaves that it rebuilt itself if the corresponding tree is ordered.
```

> By default, the library orders the leaves according to their hash when building the tree. This is so that a smart contract can build the hashes of a set of leaves and order them correctly without any knowledge of the tree itself. Said differently, it is simpler for a smart contract to process a multiproof for leaves it rebuilt itself if the corresponding tree is ordered.

Reviewer 2: Ok, this works 👍🏻

> However, some trees are constructed iteratively, from unsorted data. In that case, the leaves are unlikelly to be sorted. In order for this library to be able to represent such trees, the call to `StandardMerkleTree.of` includes an option to disable sorting. With that option, the leaves are kept in the order in which they were provided. Note that this option has no effect on your ability to generate and verify proofs and multiproofs in JavaScript, but that it may introduce challenges when verifying multiproofs onchain. We recommend only using it for building a representation of trees that are built (onchain) using an iterative process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, some trees are constructed iteratively from unsorted data, causing the leaves to be unsorted as well. For this library to be able to represent such trees, the call to `StandardMerkleTree.of` includes an option to disable sorting. Using that option, the leaves are kept in the order in which they were provided. Note that this option has no effect on your ability to generate and verify proofs and multiproofs in JavaScript, but that it may introduce challenges when verifying multiproofs onchain. We recommend only using it for building a representation of trees that are built (onchain) using an iterative process.
```

### `StandardMerkleTree.of`

```typescript

> const tree = StandardMerkleTree.of([[alice, '100'], [bob, '200']], ['address', 'uint'], { sortLeaves: true });

Reviewer 2: If `true` is the default, I don't think we should add this option here. Perhaps a section with the `MerkleTreeOptions` docs would be better.

```suggestion
const tree = StandardMerkleTree.of([[alice, '100'], [bob, '200']], ['address', 'uint'], options);

#### Options

| Option                  | Description                                                                                                                             | Default |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| `sortLeaves`       |   Enable or disable sorted leaves. Sorting is strongly recommended for multiproofs.    | `true`   |
```

Author: we cannot add a section like that in the middle of a code block. Let me know if the current version works for you.
